Sup, everyone, I'm your female otaku.
A YouTuber who isn't affiliated nor sponsoring CrunchyRoll
However
There has been a huge argument in the community
About watching anime legally
And I think a lot of people are missing the point of the situation.
You see the main reason to why the popular anime YouTubers
Constantly tell you to stream anime legally
Is to "Support the Industry."
But lets be honest here
How many of you go to a legal streaming site to "Support the industry?"
Yeah, that's what I thought.
All though this is a nice way to go about the situation
This just not a natural was of thinking
That is like saying "Oh hey, lets go to McDonalds instead of making our food for free to support the industry!"
That's just not how people think
And that's okay
Now this video isn't going to be about me bashing illegal websites, and those use use them.
Quite the opposite actually
Instead, I'm going to tell you a story as to why I got a CrunchyRoll account in the first place
It was the 2015 spring season
The season that aired 'Danmachi,' 'Food Wars,' 'High School DxD' and 'Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches.'
Yes this was a very eechi season
I was highly anticipating the premiere episode of Yamada-kun
Because I watched and loved the liver action adaptation 6 months prior
At that time, I used several illegal websites
Some being faster than others
When the day finally came for Yamada-kun to premiere
I kept waiting, and waiting for one of the seven illegals websites sites I used to have it
The first episode aired, and I waited another hour. It still wasn't up on any of those sites, which was odd
Not even the faster ones had it
Then I waited two more hours, three more hours,
And finally four. After four hours, I couldn't wait anymore.
I went on CrunchyRoll
And made an account starting with the fourteen day free trial
My plan was to delete the account once the trial had ended
But I was surprised to see Yamada-kun in 1080p
Because no illegal website I used went higher than 720p
I was also shocked to see that they had news articles to update you on otaku related content
Including anime announcements and J-Pop music videos
They even have a store where all premium members get a discount on every single item
Be it a $2 discount, or a $30 discount
Needless to say, I was very pleased with the service and no matter how fast an illegal website is, it just can't beat CrunchyRoll
So I kept my account
I used to upload anime reviews within the hour when the episode aired
And people would ask me "Hey Sloan, it's not on *insert illegal website here* yet!"
And I always point them to CrunchyRoll
Now, what's the real reason why hardcore anime fans and otakus stream anime legally?
It's to watch
Anime.
No one goes and makes a Netflix account thinking about the industry
We just want to watch our shows and movies in the highest of quality
In my case, I want all of that, plus being one of the first people to watch a new episode right when it aires.
Sure CrunchyRoll may have a delay here and there, but if CrunchyRoll has a delay
So do the illegal websites
And compared to all the times they gave us high quality anime on time
I say it's worth your $5
If for whatever reason you can't afford all the legal streaming sites or maybe it's not available in your county
I understand
This is just me simply telling you why I use legal anime streaming sites
And if you are considering at least stream legally for only one website
Then it should be CrunchyRoll
Once again, this video is not sponsored, but I will put a link to CrunchyRoll's homepage in the description
I'm your female otaku, sayonara